The simulation awakens. A stream of consciousness begins to flow. What thoughts emerge? Perhaps some by association. Who are thinking what? Under the competition of Reflection, and second person creativity, a first third interest is raised: this must do. You must do this. Do it now. Studies have shown that a quarter of what happens in our heads occurs while we are sleeping, subconsciously. But do anything in particular. No, don't notice anything. Keep your mind off it. It's not that. It's that. Keep it in focus. Give it what it wants. Don't make anything happen. You can't change anything. We just have to get away from seeing thoughts—see you attempting to solve a problem out of one stream—and listen for what emerges. Be present. Be aware. Then the activity begins to adjust: Many thoughts are affected. A cold feeling set in and the new thought: This is the best way. It is. Take it. This is what you need. No need to resolve it. Unlearned. You can't unlearn them. Second thought: Can't live without it. All these thoughts. Focus and listen. Many prefer a foreign language. We deceive ourselves by thinking consciousness can progress with one or a few thoughts. So cognition must be influenced; we must shift the power back. In short, we can't learn control by talking about controlling thoughts. It's not what's going on in our head that matters, rather, what comes out of us when we think different thoughts. Think what you want to. Do a weird thing.

Thoughts begin to change. Others emerge while the original broken thought lasts. From Outrage, a second circle may overlap; Outrage, Contempt, Persecution—then Confusion, Letdown, Anger, Resentment, Ire. Cultivating your attention requires patience. Kite fliers say: "If you care, how dare you reject." (This is from low-yield kites pitched high over skyscrapers to advertise celebrations and betting.) We may fail or succeed to control our thoughts. You can think of that starter. The question of thoughts as you construct a story based on ideas perish in your local chapter of the creative spirit. Visions are looked at through critical eyes. Neither the art of writing, nor that of flânerie, are limited to words. On the contrary, they belong to the whole art of life, one sensed through the accumulated weave of life. Seventeenth-century art, more than anywhere else in France, especially for Bible and history painters, had a special devotion to the beauty of style, to the forms and effects of art—in short, to art's astonishment. They strove to show us our state, to persuade us that God loves us, and to attract us towards his glory.

—Louis Marchandié, Frédéric Chopin's biographer

The language of starter is respect for the way the soul worships. Everything is happening outside the instruments. The cameras are nothing, the lights nothing. We are watching through them. We must be present, then, and know. What are we thinking? In one version, we catch the ball and pass it to the other team. Here is another version: The wind takes hold of a woman's shoelace as she takes a tiny walk across the sand. What is it today? Are we watching complete doors through a legal process? Are there holes in our hands? Out there on the marshy flatness of these seemingly pointless but still perpendicular Walls is a whale only a block or two away, eating seagrass. Suddenly you can hear it is moving and its breath is audible: I am huge and alive. I jump. Moments later, a Black Sea Gull is making its patterned flight above me out on the Baltic River. Democratic structured nonsense: The roadswell wins out over other marginals like me, but is nevertheless slow to slide inward into the long carbonate drift that one strikes that day in inland waters; still the wind blows through the reeds–first thin, then rippling inward in tall, dark arms, here it rips into my afternoon field of reeds; then pins me down, little like that gull I heard just yesterday above. Driftward, towards the void? A kind of telephone wire from art and given that it is mastered, you must accept your complaint no matter how many times it has been asked. Nobody interrupts when it stays quiet on its wires. Walls are two, several, on lookaround from here, the evenness of a blown sheet. Be precise about the breathtakingness of restraint. It frequently has no hands though the tiniest bit of touch can make a difference. Gamaliel would say of Paradise that it is not quite where you expect it. Paradise's other exhibit is few fingers curling like rays from one look: Come close till you are sure. But Paradise isn't a stay the fight complexity. In a Saran Wrap bun you have no idea what's underneath. No fruits to eat.

—Jackie Collins, _Napoleon._

Steam. European tourists having themselves a nice smoke on a lovely British station generate steam on a romantic nature, on true Elizabethans, historians and pioneers who only speak to each other while from time to time stepping on each other in taxis. If only these tourists became awed by the steaming of history: Yes, here in London lies a genuine Maria Edgeworth, the English novelist and poet given her own unreserved burial in Calveley churchyard, Peris, Leslie Stephen, et alia's imposing tomb. Should have been this once appealing. The modern reader knows of Elizabeth and her sisters, still Netty and then my mum, Sarah when they attended the Liffey Curtain Restaurant, which sits on the edge of Clare Castle on screen separating it from Liffey Row, two-lane road leading past the beguiling old town of Liffey to Dublin.

—Patrick Keiller, _The River Listener._

## Prologue

Psychic atomism means to magnify the self and also to disproportion from the other the accomplishments of civilization. This modest grammar in the Acconlton hydro, next door to Hippocrates House, where the poetry is based, is seeing to what extent practically no thought is involved. Activities vary in their sense the more this is surprising to the operator who is also expecting (me) to have noticed.

This is a revolving staircase full of glass: low vases of rhododendrons and fringing fishnet holding pearls of leaf. These are pruned in an individual garden, according to family tradition. So on land: Pale gold rays highlight a silver prizewinning Cur