'A coffin made for two' by OpinionatedIMO
They were a power couple. At least that’s the common parlance for a married man and woman of ‘means’. They had wealth, power, and political clout which allowed them to do just about anything they wanted. For many years of their strong loving marriage, they also possessed good health. As with everyone else, time eventually takes that away from us. They were no exception.
Nearing the end of their fortunate time together, they amended their final wishes to include a rather odd request. They specified it was likely they would expire beside each other, just as they had spent their adult lives ‘joined at the hip’. For that reason, they wanted to also be buried beside each other in an elaborate coffin built for two. The garish, grand piano-sized behemoth of handcrafted teak and gemstones was designed, constructed, and paid for in anticipation of its eventual use.
When the pivotal moment came, few batted an eye. It might’ve been a tad morose to assume they’d die together but in their case, it wasn’t outside the realm of possibility. The wealthy are seen as eccentric; not crazy, morbid, or weird. The auto accident was a terrible affair. The twisted wreckage was strewn all around the block and distasteful evidence was visible to passers by of their personal carnage. Both of them were pronounced dead at the scene and rushed to the borough morgue for final processing. Since their strict faith forbade the invasive procedures of autopsies or embalming, funeral arrangements were made and carried out very quickly.
Too quickly, in fact.
You see Harold wasn’t actually dead. He’d suffered heavy blood loss and went into a deep coma. The medical examiner and everyone else in town was well familiar with their unusual last wishes. Under the opportunistic circumstances, he subconsciously decided ‘it was their time’ and failed to confirm the old man’s worldly expiration. Marie’s heart on the other hand, had definitely stopped beating.
The funeral director dressed them in their chosen outfits. His makeup artist did some masterful touch-ups to their faces to hide any evidence of the car accident and the unflattering ravages of old age. Lastly, they were placed in their custom made ‘lovers’ coffin in preparation for their big sendoff. Everything was all set.
A considerable crowd of family and friends gathered at the gravesite to pay their last respects before the lid was sealed. There were touching tributes to them as individuals, and as a bonded couple married for over fifty years. Their prearranged headstone and memorial statuary bore flattering images of them as younger people, as well as a mutually favorite poem. The weather had been beautiful, and no one in attendance would ever forget the final internment of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Horowitz.
The cemetery staff had to bring in a specialized piece of equipment to lower the huge coffin into the ground. Because it was so unusually large, they made the hole extra deep and wide. Nothing would’ve been more professionally embarrassing than if the well wishers had witnessed the massive coffin get stuck going into the grave. Luckily, it lowered perfectly into place and the workers filled in the dirt, after the touching memorial was complete.
It was the unsettling thud of the coffin reaching its final destination which brought Harold out of his coma. One of life’s little ironies was that because he was in a deep shock, his heart and pulse slowed down to almost nil. That life-saving action by his central nervous system saved him from bleeding to death. Unfortunately, his return to consciousness came too late to rouse him prior to burial.